0. _putchar
Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game
2. 10 x alphabet
Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
3. islower
Write a function that checks for lowercase character
4. isalpha
Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
5. Sign
Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important
8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
9. Learn your times table
Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
10. a + b
Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
11. 98 Battery Street, the OG
Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A
15. Even Liber Abbaci
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with
16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
